README.md, before:

# CP3407 Group Assignment (Group __ )

This a project assignment template for CP3407. 
The following is the list of items, which are required to be completed.

## How to submit [You may delete this before submitting]

1. Add your instructor (JCU-Australia: jc138691@gmail.com Dmitry Konovalov) as a team member to view your project on github
2. Submit link to your repository
3. Download your github repository as a zip file and submit via LearnJCU.

## Team

- [Bailey Johannsmann](https://www.github.com/Bailey-Johannsmann)
- [Nathan D'Achille](https://www.github.com/Nathan-Dachille)
- [David Hunter](https://www.github.com/Dav0-12)
- [Quinn Stocker](https://www.github.com/Quinn-Stocker)

# Initial Backlog Ideas
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 


# Project planning BEFORE iteration-1, (see chapters 1-3)
Checklist/TODOs: 
* Update the following during each week prac session
* github entry timestamp is BEFORE the iteration-1
* User stories are correct: see p39
* Must have more user stories than fits into iterations 1 and 2. To practice the priority.
* [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
* ...

Total: YY days


## Iteration 1 [duration 3-4 weeks], add your start and end dates 

* Goal is to have 2 iterations during a trimester of teaching.
* Update the following during each week prac session
* During pracs, you may experiment with using other github ways of tracking changes, e.g. via pull requests.

1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days


### Iteration 2 [duration 3-4 weeks], add your start and end dates
Goal is to have 2 iterations during a trimester of teaching.
1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days

### Not enough time/developers: 
1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days

# Actual iterations
1. [Iteration-1](./iteration_1.md)
2. [Iteration-2](./iteration_2.md)


cker)

Commit message:

Updated User BING BONG stuff
Bing bong

README.md, after:

# CP3407 Group Assignment (Group __ )

This a project assignment template for CP3407. 
The following is the list of items, which are required to be completed.

## How to submit [You may delete this before submitting]

1. Add your instructor (JCU-Australia: jc138691@gmail.com Dmitry Konovalov) as a team member to view your project on github
2. Submit link to your repository
3. Download your github repository as a zip file and submit via LearnJCU.

## Team

- [Bailey Johannsmann](https://www.github.com/Bailey-Johannsmann)
- [Nathan D'Achille](https://www.github.com/Nathan-Dachille)
- [David Hunter](https://www.github.com/Dav0-12)
- [Quinn Stocker](https://www.github.com/Quinn-Stocker)

# Initial Backlog Ideas
1. As a property manager, I want to schedule deep cleans after tenants move out so that the units are ready for new renters.
2. As a solo cleaner, I want to create a profile with my skills and availability so that clients can find and book me easily.
3. As a small cleaning business, I want to register multiple cleaners under my business so that I can manage bookings effectively.
4. As an elderly individual, I want to find a trusted and verified cleaner so that I feel safe having them in my home.
5. As an enterprise-level cleaning company, I want a dashboard to track multiple jobs and team assignments for large-scale operations
6. As a cleaning service provider, I want a dispute resolution system that includes a blacklist feature so that I can handle conflicts with customers professionally and avoid repeated bad experiences.
7. As an end user, I want to cancel or reschedule a booking with a clear policy so that I know the consequences of changes.
8. As a service provider, I want an earnings summary and payout history so that I can track my income over time.
9. As a busy homeowner, I want a reminder feature for upcoming cleanings so that I don’t forget my appointments.
10. As a customer, I want to specify areas of focus (e.g., kitchen, bathroom, windows) so that the cleaner knows my priorities.


# Project planning BEFORE iteration-1, (see chapters 1-3)
Checklist/TODOs: 
* Update the following during each week prac session
* github entry timestamp is BEFORE the iteration-1
* User stories are correct: see p39
* Must have more user stories than fits into iterations 1 and 2. To practice the priority.
* [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
* ...

Total: YY days


## Iteration 1 [duration 3-4 weeks], add your start and end dates 

* Goal is to have 2 iterations during a trimester of teaching.
* Update the following during each week prac session
* During pracs, you may experiment with using other github ways of tracking changes, e.g. via pull requests.

1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days


### Iteration 2 [duration 3-4 weeks], add your start and end dates
Goal is to have 2 iterations during a trimester of teaching.
1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days

### Not enough time/developers: 
1. [user story title](./user_stories/user_story_01_title.md), priority XX, YY days 
2. ...

Total: YY days

# Actual iterations
1. [Iteration-1](./iteration_1.md)
2. [Iteration-2](./iteration_2.md)


cker)
